My case too in this video we're going to learn how to write a simple select statement to retrieve some
data from a coffee store database.
So we've already said that we can select store from a table and it will retrieve all the rows from the
table so that Sadak store from customers just to show you that again and run that statement and we've
retrieved all the data in our customer table but we can also select just one column if we want.
So we can type select an end instead of staw.
We can name the column select select last name from customers
and just return just the last name call them from our customer table and we can also select as many
columns as we will in one statement.
So let's do that now.
So we type selects and then we type paw.
Call them names again and we just have to call my separate them select select last name and phone number
from customers.
And you can see we've retrieved both columns from our customer table.
So all you have to do is call a separate each call and you can select as many as you want.
So we've learned how to write simple select statements to retrieve data from a table.
Let's move on to the next video.